What is it like to be Brazilian?
It's to have the ability to overcome situations.
To get out of the crisis as new nation.
It's to cross new borders and build dreams of a lifetime.
What is it be Brazilian? It's to work hard and still live lightly.
To keep the mood yet being determinated.
Enter the field to take victory home.
Show potential to go even deeper.
To have a solid base industry.
Create planes that fly overseas.
To be an entrepreneur by nature.
To take a piece of Brazil to every table.
To be seen with new eyes.
Eyes of those who work hard and deserve consideration.
We create, transform, make it right.
Being Brazilian, that's our way.
We are living a new Brazil, made by you. Brazil, a country of all.